in election year a promise repeats itself
in S達o Paulo
all the candidates guarantee that
invested in the subway in recent years
however the mesh grew only 1
kilometer and a half a year in
counterpart the single ticket and the
of charters dumped more passengers
the three indices are three million and six hundred
thousand trips a day with a camera
hidden the newspaper Gazette leaked
peak times in the top three
lines Blue and red city time
agglomeration reaches nine people per
square meter double of the considered
ideal
I now see the reality in the subway of s達o
paulo east of s達o paulo station
corinthians itaquera
It's seven and twenty in the morning and it's already
Ratchet and I and the Fake Videographer
bacelar we are two in the midst of thousands
of passengers
the second obstacle to enter the subway
in the first station of the line the
wagon is already full
the chance of training and each new season
more people the door closes and opens several
times
the system is slow and the subway
we stopped to wait for the move
secret of day 5
always the same influence in your home
so I do not want you to take the
subway
for a lot of people I did not know
there the people
S達o Paulo has 69 kilometers of lines
subway stations that receive 3.6 million
people per day at peak times
thing gets ugly
It's normal , Brazil came home from
We only had to fight a lot and 17
and we have not arrived yet, it 's all very much
Tight and chat with passengers
we started hearing the voices
We came to know and to rush to get the
on the blue line to paradise
the view of the station is bleak and the
people never stop arriving
This is the queue to board the subway.
comes many people come in and many
they stay out
the door does not close the employee has to
give a fuck
4 Be a partner
already happened was that we arrived at the station
paradise, the name seems ironic to this
height
our journey ends here on the avenue
after almost two hours of the
beginning there and flirting a day that is
considered by the passengers themselves
quieter since many people will
work by car on Friday to
go out at night or to travel after
office hour
according to the press office of the
subway with the inauguration of the new
of the expansion project there will be a better
distribution of passengers in the
and consequently more comfort
now is wait